c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\PayPalCoreSDK.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\RestApiSDK.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Scripts\paypal-button.min.js
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Twilio.Api.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Twilio.Api.pdb
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Twilio.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Twilio.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Twilio.Twiml.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\Twilio.Twiml.pdb
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\Global.asax
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\packages.config
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\Scripts\paypal-button.min.js
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\Views\Buy\Index.cshtml
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\Views\Error\Index.cshtml
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\Views\Home\Index.cshtml
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\Views\Web.config
c:\users\cbingh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1.Azure\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1\Web.config
